📢 New Post: https://galaxyproject.org/events/galaxy-europe/ (#572)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/json_bot/galaxy_events/galaxy-europe-global_group1.md

---
media:
- linkedin-galaxyproject
hashtags:
  linkedin-galaxyproject:
  - UseGalaxy
  - GalaxyProject
  - EOSC
  - EuroScienceGateway
---
📣 Introduction to Galaxy, the Open-Source Platform for FAIR Data Analysis (in German)

> Are you new to e-science? Do you want to learn ways to analyse your material with digital tools from your browser without any programming skills? Do you want to get an idea of research data management? Register for our introduction at the HeFDI Data School to find out more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you new to e-science? Do you want to learn ways to analyse your material with digital tools from your browser without any programming skills? Do you want to get an idea of research data management? Register for our introductory online workshop at the HeFDI Data School to find out more! 
Please note, that this course will be held in German!
```
